Modified "add flutter to path"'s bash instructions to work for non-login shells. (#10781)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/install/reqs/linux/set-path.md

   $ {{shell.set-path}}
   ```

>    {% if shell.name == 'shell' %}
>       <b>Note:</b><br> If the above does not work, you may be using a non-login
>       shell. In that case, add the same line to ~/.bashrc: ```console $ echo
>       'export PATH="/usr/bin/flutter/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc ``` To ensure
>       consistency across all shell types, you can source ~/.bashrc from
>       ~/.bash_profile by adding the following to ~/.bash_profile: ``` if [ -f
>       ~/.bashrc ]; then source ~/.bashrc fi ```
>    {% endif %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {% if shell.name == 'shell' %}
   :::note
   If the above doesn't work, you might be using a non-login shell.
   In that case, add the same line to ~/.bashrc: `console $ echo
   'export PATH="/usr/bin/flutter/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc `.
   To ensure consistency across all shell types, source ~/.bashrc from
   ~/.bash_profile by adding the following to ~/.bash_profile: ` if [ -f
   ~/.bashrc ]; then source ~/.bashrc fi `.
   {% endif %}
```
